Here you can see a graph where Binding Function is depicted as a function of Concentration in µM.

Graph is deceptively simple but there's more than meets the eye! Firstly, it shows scatterplot of data points---
these come as an array of (x,y) coordinates and need to be displayed as solid black circles just how they are displayed on this picture
 (you can choose yourself what data points to display---I don't have data points for this particular graph at hand).

Secondly, this graph displays an interpolation through these data points as a blue solid line. 
The color of the line and thickness are chosen according to Arctoris guidelines, and should be reproduced exactly. 
I do not have the analytic formulae for this particular graph, but you can assume it is a sigmoid function 
(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sigmoid_function) shifted to the right, and you are given a formula for it 
(you can take the one from Wikipedia and shift it to the right in this exercise).

Thirdly, it is important to choose the toolkit where you have full control over position of axis labels and how axis ticks are displayed. 
Arctoris branding is extremely detailed about the positioning and look and feel of ticks, and we might be asked to reproduce the ticks look exactly. 
Note that graphing toolkit should be able to display log scale x and/or y axis ticks like in the plot above. 
It should be possible to control the font in axis tick labels, and for now please use one of the freely available google fonts (e.g., Lato).

If you are at this point, then we've reproduced exactly how the graph looks in a pdf. 
However, the reason we want html-based reports is because we want to add interactivity to our reports, and so the graph should be zoomable,
 so that one can zoom in and zoom out on a particular area in a graph. 
In zoomed in state it should be possible to pan left right top or bottom by grabbing the canvas and dragging it in the right direction. 
When hovering over a data point the exact (x, y) values should be displayed in a hint. 
The interactivity should be ascetically pleasing to use and responsive. 
Please implement it as a stand-alone page we can open in a browser with hardwired scatter plot points and sigmoid function parameters.
